Part C. You should write your homework in a file called hw2.txt. Submit your homework via git as described in the last question. Put your git link in the homework.Answer: Since the URL for AFS is not mentioned in the question I have considered my own github repo while solving this question. My github repo URL: https://github.com/sonamrokde/GitAssignment2⎝	For configuring the remote I used -	git remote add origin https://github.com/sonamrokde/GitAssignment2⎝	The output of git remote –v is-	origin	https://github.com/sonamrokde/GitAssignment2 (fetch)		origin	https://github.com/sonamrokde/GitAssignment2 (push)which gives an information of the remote name and URL present for the remote repo⎝	git fetch origin-	Yes, I can see changes and the remote braches have been fetched from remote to my local. git fetch goes to the remote project and fetches all the data present on remote which is not present on my local yet. After git fetch command all the branches reference gets pulled on which now I can perform actions like merging.⎝	To update local master branch with the remote one, I used-	git rebase origin/master⎝	to find all the branches we may have gotten from the remote, I used-	git branch –r-	git branch –a⎝	to checkout the branch so that it creates a local branch based on the remote-tracking branch, I used-	git checkout -b githw6 origin/githw6-	I have total 6 files present under this branch as shown in screenshot⎝	git checkout master⎝	What is a bare repository? What makes it different from normal repositories? In what situations is it used?-	Generally, the remote repository present on the server does not require working tree. The repository which does not have any working tree is known as bare repository. Bare repo stores git revision of the history of normal repo in the root folder of normal repo. E.g. github-	Since the bare repository doesn’t have any working tree, the main difference between normal and bare repository is the operation like add, edit, delete won’t work on bare repository. Whereas normal repo which has working directory, we can add, delete and edit the file locally.-	Bare repositories are used if the main requirement is to share the repo while collaborating with the team in the project. It is the place where the team member can push their changes so that those changes can be available to the other team members.⎝	When would this be a good idea as opposed to simply doing git pull remotename branchname? Briefly discuss remote-tracking branches and their relevance in your answer.-	git pull will bury your changes with new commits, on top of automatically merge commit. The command git merge remotename/branchname is important for two 2 reasons1. This command generates new commits who has 2 parentsa. HEADb. origin/master 2. It does the fast forward merge. Instead of generating new commit, it just modifies the existing checkout-out reference branch so that it can point to origin/master.-	Remote-tracking Branch: remote-tracking branch is nothing but a origin/master. It can be only update with remote repository. As per the rule this branch shouldn’t be updated by the users. To get the remote tracking branch on local you have to clone it with git clone git://repository.git(repository URL) command.⎝	To make commit and push other branch in my case its githw6.-	git checkout githw6-	vi B.txt-	git add .-	git commit -m "modified B.txt file"-	git push origin githw6⎝	pushing master branch for hw5.txt-	git checkout master-	git add .-	git commit –m “added hw5.txt” for solution of the question part C-	git push origin master